The President:
Hello, everyone.
It's been almost three weeks
since I sent the American Jobs
Act to Congress -- three weeks
since I sent them a bill that
would put people back
to work and put money in
people's pockets.
This jobs bill is
fully paid for.
This jobs bill contains
the kinds of proposals that
Democrats and Republicans
have supported in the past.
And now I want it back.
It's time for Congress to get
its act together and to pass
this jobs bill so I
can sign it into law.
Some Republicans in Congress
have said that they agree with
certain parts of this jobs bill.
If so, it's time for them
to tell me what those
proposals are.
And if they're opposed
to this jobs bill,
I'd like to know what
exactly they're against.
Are they against putting
teachers and police officers and
firefighters back on the job?
Are they against hiring
construction workers to rebuild
our roads and
bridges and schools?
Are they against giving tax cuts
to virtually every worker and
small business in America?
Economists from across the
political spectrum have said
that this jobs bill would boost
the economy and spur hiring.
Why would you be against that?
Especially at a time when so
many Americans are struggling
and out of work.
This isn't just about
what I think is right.
It's not just about what a group
of economists think is right.
This is about what the
American people want.
Everywhere I go, they tell
me they want action on jobs.
Every day, I get letters from
Americans who expect Washington
to do something about
the problems we face.
Destiny Wheeler is a 16-year-old
from Georgia who wants to go
to college.
She wrote to me saying,
"Now-a-days it is hard to see
myself pushing forward and
putting my family in a better
position, especially since the
economy is rough and my starting
situation is so poor.
Yet, the American Jobs Act gives
me hope that I might start to
receive a better education, that
one day job opportunities will
open for me to grasp, and that
one day my personal American
Dream will be reached."
Destiny needs us to
pass this jobs bill.
Alice Johnson is a
Oregon native who,
along with her husband, has
been looking for a job for
about two years.
She writes, "I have faithfully
applied for work every week...
Of the hundreds of
applications I have put in,
I received interview
requests for about 10...
I too, am sick of all the
fighting in Washington, D.C.
Please tell the Republicans
that people are hurting and are
hungry and need help,
pass the jobs bill."
Alice Johnson needs our help.
Cathleen Dixon sent me pictures
of the aging bridge she drives
under when she takes her kids
to school in Chicago every day.
She worries about their
safety, and writes,
"I am angry that in this country
of vast resources we claim that
we cannot maintain
basic infrastructure.
How can we ever hope to preserve
or regain our stature in this
world if we cannot find the
will to protect our people and
take care of our basic needs?"
I also heard from Kim Faber, who
told me about the small carpet
business her husband
owns in New Jersey.
"We hang on by a
shoestring," she writes.
"My husband worries every day
about if checks might bounce,
he uses our home loan to put
money in the business so they
will be covered.
Please pass this jobs bill!
This is the job creating
we need right now.
It breaks my husband's heart
when he has to let people go.
Pass the bill!"
Kim said it best: Pass the bill.
I know one Republican was quoted
as saying that their party
shouldn't pass this jobs bill
because it would give me a win.
This isn't about giving me a
win, and it's not about them.
This is about Destiny
Wheeler and Alice Johnson.
It's about Cathleen
Dixon's children,
and the Fabers' family business.
These are the people
who need a win,
and I will be fighting for
this jobs bill every day on
their behalf.
If anyone watching
feels the same way,
don't be shy about letting
your Congressman know.
It is time for the
politics to end.
Let's pass this jobs bill.